Fix don't usage of file ID for attachments and embedded files (#57)
yiisoft/mailer-symfony: CHANGELOG.md

# Yii Mailer Library - Symfony Mailer Extension Change Log

## 3.1.0 under development

- Chg #50: Raise minimal PHP version to `^8.1` (@vjik)

> - Bug #56: Fix don't usage of file ID for attachments and embedded files (@vjik) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #56: Use file ID for attachments and embedded files (@vjik)
```
